0bserve ye how the trees cover themselves with green leaves and bear fruit: wherefore give ye heed and know with regard to all His works, and recognize how He that liveth for ever hath made them so.
And all his works go on thus from year to year forever, and all the tasks which they accomplish for Him, and thier tasks change not, but according as God hath ordained so it is done.
And behold how the sea and the rivers in the manner accomplish and change not thier tasks frm His commandments.
But ye -ye have not been steadfast, nor done the commandments of the Lord, But ye have turned away and spoken proud and hard words, With your impure mouths against His greatness.  Oh, ye hard-hearted, ye shall find no peace.
Therefore shall ye execrate your days, and the years of your life shall perish, and the years of your destruction shall be multiplied in eternal execration, and ye shall find no mercy.
In those days ye shall make your names an eternal execration unto all the rigtheous, and by you shall all who curse, curse, and all the sinners and godless shall imprecate by you, And all the ... shal rejoice, and there shall be forgiveness of sins, and every mercy and peace and forbearance: There shall be salvation unto them, a goodly light. And for all you sinners shall be no salvation, but on you shall abide a curse.
But for the elect there shall be light and joy and peace, and they shall inherit the earth.  And for you the godless there shall be a curse.
And there shsall be bestowed upon the elect wisdom, and they shall all live and never again sin, Either through ungodliness or through pride: But they wh oare wise shall be humble.
And they shall not again transgress, Nor shall they sin all the days of their life, Nor shall they die of (the divine) anger or wrath, But they shall complete the number of the days of their life.  And thier lives shall be increased in peace, and the years of their joy shall be multiplied, In eternal gladness and peace, All the days of their life.
